Some updates to the Windows Insider Program documentation (#247)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-insider: wip/at-work-pro/wip-4-biz-manage.md

### Manage device restarts after updates
You can schedule update installation and set policies for restart, configure active hours for when restarts will not occur, or you can do both.

> To read more about how to manage device restarts after updates, [click the link here.](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/update/waas-restart)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To read more about how to manage device restarts after updates, see [Manage device restarts after updates](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/update/waas-restart).
```

3. Deploy the release the same way as any other feature update. create

### Install preview builds from Azure Marketplace 

> Windows Insiders can now create and install a Windows 10 Preview build from the Azure Marketplace. After installing, you can preview the latest version on a virtual machine without any additional configurations or updates. [Follow the link to get started and learn more.](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/marketplace/apps/microsoft-hyperv.windows10preview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows Insiders can now create and install a Windows 10 Preview build from the Azure Marketplace. After installing, you can preview the latest version on a virtual machine without any additional configurations or updates. See [Windows 10 Preview](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/marketplace/apps/microsoft-hyperv.windows10preview) to learn more.
```
